.TH "SOPLOS-WELCOME-LIVE" "1" "2026-01-09" "Soplos Linux" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
soplos-welcome-live \- The Live ISO welcome application for Soplos Linux
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B soplos-welcome-live
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B soplos-welcome-live
is the welcome application specifically designed for the Soplos Linux Live environment.
It serves as the main entry point for users testing or installing the system, offering:
.IP \[bu] 2
One-click access to the system installer (Calamares).
.IP \[bu]
Language selection for the Live session.
.IP \[bu]
Advanced system recovery tools (CHROOT).
.IP \[bu]
Partition management via GParted.
.IP \[bu]
BTRFS subvolume mounting and repair utilities.
.P
It supports X11 and Wayland sessions across GNOME, KDE Plasma, and XFCE environments.
.SH OPTIONS
Application Options:
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show help options.
.TP
.B \-\-help-all
Show all help options.
.TP
.B \-\-help-gtk
Show GTK+ Options.
.P
GTK+ Options:
.TP
.B \-\-display=\fIDISPLAY\fR
X display to use.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /mnt/soplos-recovery/
Default mount point used by the CHROOT recovery system.
.TP
.I /usr/share/soplos-welcome-live/
Application resources directory containing UI files, themes, and translations.
.TP
.I /tmp/soplos-unmount.sh
Temporary script generated for safe unmounting of CHROOT environments.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Sergi Perich <info@soploslinux.com> for the Soplos Linux project.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2026 Sergi Perich.
License: GPL-3.0-or-later <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR calamares (8),
.BR gparted (8)
